feat(config): Add configuration loader and template for Hebo Eval (#39)
heboai/hebo-evals: examples/example.txt

user: hello
assistant: hello how can I help you?
user: can you please search the weather in new york for me?

> assistant: sureit's rainy in New York, NY, today, with a temperature of 59F, 80 percent precipitation, 96 percent humidity, and light 2 mph winds. Be prepared for wet conditions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assistant: sure!

It's rainy in New York, NY, today, with a temperature of 59F, 80 per cent precipitation, 96 per cent humidity, and light 2 mph winds. Be prepared for wet conditions!
```
